How dare you question the emperor's will
Father, do you have to make decisions for your daughter?
The injury is because he rarely came to me this time because you returned to Beijing.
On weekdays, he would rather go to the cold palace to pet the truest daughter
Said he didn't want to come to Lixia Palace to accompany me for one night
My daughter is in pain.
The plague prevails in Emperor Bailing County
The common people are in danger
There has been extreme turmoil
If you let it go
Fear of disaster
Emperor
Is it suitable outside?
Return to the emperor's court
They are all looking for a way to be comfortable because of the plague in Bailing County
It is recommended to send a fire messenger from the capital that can represent the royal family to Bailing County to appease Min County
nonsense
Whoever goes is not going to die
Just say I'm in a hurry
See you another day
Please tell the general
There are many royal relatives who have turned over the crime of beheading in this prison
Instead of closing
It's better to just shoot one at random.
This will not only make up for the mistakes
It can also convince people of their memories
There's a two-way solution.
Well, let them decide for themselves first.
Wait until my headache is gone before saying um
plague
The deadliest plague of our time
Is it smallpox?